Copy edit custom component documentation (#8547)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/building/_index.md

---
title: Building custom components
description: Instructions on how to build your own Collector components
weight: 90
---

The OpenTelemetry Collector can not only be extended via existing components, but
also via custom components that you develop and build on your own. Here you will

> find instructions on how to build some of those components. For additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the OpenTelemetry Collector with components from the [community](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/components/) and [broader ecosystem](https://opentelemetry.io/ecosystem/registry/), and you can also develop and build on your own custom components. This section describes how to build some of those components. For additional
```
